well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
three women and what they can teach us
about the country where it is and where
it's headed humanity needs a mental
shower
we need to wash off the prejudices of
the 20th century and I like that
that's Mary Ann Williams that's the
crazy hippie crystal lady that
everybody's making fun of I like that a
lot because of some of the things that
she said over the years and the tweets
that she's made she's not really a
viable candidate I admit that
why isn't she a viable candidate the the
tweets that are being mocked you know
there's the one that's being mocked by
the right and it just it cracks me up
because I don't think it I don't think
they realize what it reveals about
themselves
she made a tweet during the oil spill
that went hinted to visualize angels
plugging the hole with filling up and
that that's crazy that's crazy talk
meanwhile I am certain that multiple
candidates said they were praying for an
outcome
so we expect them to pray we just don't
expect them to believe that will work is
that what it is it's messed up you know
and they're really mocking her for the
whole thing about showering she said she
wanted to shower the President of Syria
will love
that's not presidential we need somebody
who's gonna walk out there and say know
what I shower the country with bombs and
kill a bunch of kids
that's presidential she said it was
important to know who killed JFK because
a country like a person is that sick as
its sequence will Mary Ann on that one I
actually am gonna differ with you I
don't think you need to know the secrets
to know the country's sick Peace Love
hope these things they can't win an
election they're not marketable because
the voting populace has been trained to
vote for people who are going to fix
what they fear and plan on those fears
anything that isn't based on that is so
outside of the norm
it gets ridiculed so that's where we're
at but where are we headed Nancy Pelosi
is attempting to take the younger
Congress people up to task pushing back
against IOC all of this stuff and that's
fine that's fine
the question being raised is you know
should we send more Millennials to
Congress yeah I mean we're kind of gonna
have to think that's a mathematical
certainty on the long enough timeline
that is going to occur any ideas that
aoc shouldn't be there
that's the question why is she even
there I don't know that's question most
people are asking though now the younger
people and keep in mind that the younger
people every election cycle there's more
of them that can
the question they're asking has to do
with something else
see even since I was a kid they had TVs
and classrooms and every morning they
play a little bit of the news and these
kids that are now adults and they're
getting the vote they got to hear
Congress people people in Congress talk
about these problems and they're the
same problems they're facing today and
they get to hear the same Congress
people that have been there all this
time miss Pelosi and nothing was done
we have concentration camps down on the
border we have more people incarcerated
today in the United States that were in
Stalin's gulags income inequality is
growing the drug wars raging which is
only destabilizing these countries in
Central and South America it's like you
guys don't even understand supply and
demand health care is a joke and
nothing's being done yeah maybe this new
crop is a little more aggressive maybe
you should have been the question that I
think most people are asking is not why
should a OC be there the question is why
are you there still
you can stand there on Capitol Hill and
yell get off my lawn to this younger
crowd but understand they're coming and
in greater numbers and yeah there's only
a few of them this time wait till the
next election more and more so you can
get with the program where you can go
home
this generation that is coming up now
they're not going to sit on their hands
I think they've shown that they actually
want the hope and change that was
promised to them anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night